[AGM-2665] Add AdGuard Mini for Mac section (#798)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-mini-for-mac/extensions.md

User rules and allowlist rules are included in every extension.

## AdGuard for Safari

*AdGuard for Safari* activates the AdGuard icon next to the search bar. It’s useful if you want to quickly set up protection for a specific website or block ads manually.

*AdGuard for Safari* extension also contains advanced rules that aren’t converted to the format supported by Safari. These include [CSS rules](/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters#cosmetic-css-rules), [extended CSS selectors](/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters#extended-css-selectors), and [scriptlets](/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters#scriptlets), which allow AdGuard to block complex ads, such as those on YouTube.

## How to manage Safari extensions

1. Open Safari and click *Safari* in the upper left corner of the screen to expand the menu.

    ![Safari settings *mobile](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-settings1.png)

2. Click *Settings...*

3. Select *Extensions*.

    ![Extensions tab](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/kb/ad_blocker/safari/adguard-for-safari-extensions1.png)

## Why AdGuard for Safari requires permission

> When enabling the *AdGuard for Safari* extension, you might notice that it requires **access to web page content** and **access to browsing history**. Here’s why it needs these permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabling the *AdGuard for Safari* extension, you might notice that it requires **access to webpage content** and **access to browsing history**. Here’s why it needs these permissions:
```

- Access to web page content is required for manual ad blocking and advanced blocking rules to work correctly
- Access to browsing history is required to check the protection status on websites and determine which advanced rules should be applied

> We do not use this data for any other purpose or share it with anyone. For more info, you can consult our [Privacy policy](https://adguard.com/privacy.html).

Reviewer: AdGuard Mini will also have a separate privacy notice available at https://adguard.com/en/privacy/mini-mac.html. You can replace the link later, when it's published
